doc: update HomeKit known issues (#11807)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the HomeKit protocol.

.. rst-class:: v2-4-1 v2-4-0 v2-3-0 v2-2-0 v2-1-4 v2-1-3 v2-1-2 v2-1-1 v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

> KRKNWK-17343: Accessories become significantly slower when some data pairs in the NVS change frequently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-17343: Accessories become significantly slower when some data pairs in the non-volatile storage (NVS) change frequently
```

> KRKNWK-17343: Accessories becoming significantly slower when some data pairs in the NVS change frequently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-17343: Accessories become significantly slower when some data pairs in the NVS change frequently
```

  Accessing data pairs that rarely change can take a long time.

>   This problem manifests itself for example, in case of long booting or paired/unpaired identify response time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It might happen, for example, in case of long booting or paired/unpaired identify response time, which can lead to certification issues.
```

>   Because of this, user might experience certification issues, as during the certification, the accessory is subjected to multiple resets and pair/unpair processes, which causes NVS to store a large amount of new data pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  During the certification, the accessory is subjected to multiple resets and pair/unpair processes, which causes the NVS to store a large amount of new data pairs.
```

> KRKNWK-17343: Accessories becoming signaling slower when some data pair in the NVS changes frequently.
>   Access to data pairs that change rarely can take a lot of time.
>   This problem manifests itself for example, in case of long booting or paired/unpaired identify response time.
>   Due to this issue, there may be problems with certification, because during certification tests accessory is burdened with a huge amount of resets, pair/unpair procces resulting in a large number of new data pairs stored in NVS.
>   As a result, the accesory does not pass the certification test cases validating maximum operation time e.g. TCT012, TCT022 and TCT023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-17343: Accessory's signal is slower when data pairs in the NVS change frequently
  Accessing data pairs that rarely change can take a long time, which happens, for example, during long booting or a paired/unpaired identify process.
  Because of this, user might experience certification issues, as during the certification, the accessory is subjected to multiple resets and pair/unpair processes, which causes NVS to store a large amount of new data pairs.
  As a result, the accessory does not pass the certification test cases exceeding the maximum operation time (for example, TCT012, TCT022 and TCT023).
```
Not sure if I understood the last part correctly - plz check

>   **Workaround:** Enable NVS cache by setting :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NVS_LOOKUP_CACHE` to ``y`` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NVS_LOOKUP_CACHE_SIZE` to ``512`` (requires additional 2KB of RAM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Enable the NVS cache, by setting the following Kconfig options: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NVS_LOOKUP_CACHE` to ``y`` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NVS_LOOKUP_CACHE_SIZE` to ``512`` (requires additional 2KB of RAM).
```

>     Additional optymization level could be enable settings name cache by setting :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_NVS_NAME_CACHE` to ``y`` and :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_NVS_NAME_CACHE_SIZE` to ``512`` (requires additional 2KB of RAM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Additional optimization can be enabled by setting the following Kconfig options: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SETTINGS_NVS_NAME_CACHE` to ``y`` and :kconfig:option:`SETTINGS_NVS_NAME_CACHE_SIZE` to ``512`` (requires additional 2KB of RAM).
```
